 Your privacy is important to Best Buy. For more information on how Best Buy protects your privacy, steps you can take to protect your personal information and alerts on privacy risks facing consumers, please visit the Best Buy Privacy Hub.
 BLACK FRIDAY DEALS:*Limited quantities. No rainchecks. Prices valid during, but may begin before and end after, the event dates. Products offered subject to change. See Black Friday FAQs
 SAMSUNG PHONE SAVINGS:*Savings are deducted off the full total price of the phone and are reflected in either instant savings or in vendor bill credits, both of which will result in reduced monthly payments for the term of the agreement on your carrier account. Bill credits will be applied within 1–2 billing cycles and will end when the balance is paid, or the line is terminated or transferred. Savings may not be combinable with other credits, discounts and offers. Maximum savings listed may not be available for all phones and/or from all carriers. Carriers, devices and coverage (including 5G) not available in all markets. Requires credit approval, wireless service plan, qualifying device and an installment billing agreement for the carrier’s required term. $0 down for well-qualified customers. For all others, down payment and other restrictions may apply. Monthly device payments for term (20–36 months subject to carrier) at retail price. 0% APR. Sales tax (on total price) may be
due at purchase. If you cancel wireless service, remaining balance on device becomes due. Restocking fee and other charges may apply. Number of financed devices per account limitations may apply. Subject to carrier terms and conditions. Terms subject to change. Devices or colors may vary by carrier. Excludes prepaid and unlocked phones.
 No dealers. No rainchecks. Device and rate plan sold separately. A return charge will apply on returned unlocked phones. SIM card included in the box, not required for activation.
 Trade in: Valid only on in-store trade-in of a smartphone in good working condition. Must purchase, trade in an eligible phone and activate an GS20 series or Note 20 series phone. Upon trade-in of an eligible phone, customer will receive value toward a new GS20 series or Note 20 series phone. Trade-in offer does not apply to prepaid phones. $300 total trade-in value eligible with trade-in of a Note 10+. At time of purchase, customer’s trade-in phone will be evaluated, and savings will be applied to purchase transaction. Upon date of fulfillment customer must trade in same device in same condition. If trade-in phone or condition changes, value of trade-in savings will no longer be valid and phone purchase is subject to cancellation. Fulfillment subject to product availability. Offer is not valid if not redeemed during promotional period. Taxes/surcharges due at time of purchase. Taxes applied to price of phone prior to the trade-in credit. Not all phones are
eligible for trade-in and trade-in value may vary. Customer must own trade-in device. Remaining Sprint Flex Lease payments will be due immediately at the time of trade-in. Condition, documentation and accessories may affect value. Excludes phones that are cracked or that lack power. Not available in all locations and some stores may have additional limitations. You are responsible for removing any data from your phone before providing the phone for evaluation. You will be required to agree to the terms and conditions. Best Buy reserves the right to refuse any trade-in or to limit quantities for any reason. Not compatible with other trade-in offers. No rainchecks. Trade-in not available on one-time payment purchases. See a Blue Shirt or BestBuy.com/TradeIn for details.
 HOWEVER YOU CHOOSE TO SHOP:
*Check local store for what services are available.
 10% BACK IN REWARDS DETAILS:
*Get 2.5 points per $1 spent (5% back in rewards) on qualifying Best Buy® purchases when you choose Standard Credit with your Best Buy Credit Card. If you apply and are approved for a new My Best Buy® Credit Card, your first day of purchases on the Credit Card using Standard Credit within the first 14 days of account opening will get an additional 2.5 bonus points (an additional 5% back in rewards, for a total of 10%). Points are not awarded on promotional credit purchases. May not be combined with other My Best Buy offers. Does not include tax. Additional limitations may apply. Subject to My Best Buy Program Terms. Subject to change without notice.
 BEST BUY OFFER TERMS:
Savings offers are based on markdowns from a regular price or a Was price and, unless otherwise noted, exclude special order, clearance, open-box, refurbished, and pre-owned items. Prices are subject to change and represent BestBuy.com® pricing; in-store pricing and availability may vary. Products included in bundle/package/free-with-purchase offers must be purchased in the same transaction to receive the benefit. Offers may include instant savings on individual items. For buy one, get one offers, discounted or free item(s) must be of equal or lesser value. Best Buy® gift cards have no expiration date or fees, and are good toward future purchase.
 This email is a Best Buy advertisement. If you no longer wish to receive our marketing emails, unsubscribe here. If you have difficulty with the unsubscribe link, you may also send an email to PrivacyManager@bestbuy.com. For more information, read our Privacy Policy
or call 1-888-BEST BUY.
