 Your privacy is important to Best Buy. For more information on how Best Buy protects your privacy, steps you can take to protect your personal information and alerts on privacy risks facing consumers, please visit the Best Buy Privacy Hub.
 CYBER DEALS:*Prices valid during, but may begin before and end after, the sale dates. Products offered subject to change. Limited quantities. No rainchecks. See Holiday FAQs.
 SAVE UP TO $800 IPHONE 12 AND IPHONE 12 PRO:*Limited time offer.
 ATT trade-in: Offer is not valid if all steps are not completed during promotional period. Savings are deducted off the full total price of the phone and are reflected in either instant savings or in vendor bill credits, both of which will result in reduced monthly payments for the term of the agreement on your carrier account. Full discount requires a new activation at Best Buy of an unlimited plan from AT&amp;T on an installment billing plan. After activation at Best Buy, customer needs to trade in a qualifying phone at AT&amp;T (not Best Buy). Trade-in with carrier may also be required for other carrier offers. Bill credits will be applied within 1–3 billing cycles and will end when the balance is paid, or the line is terminated or transferred. Total credits for new customers is up to $800, current customers add a line is up to $800 and upgrade customers total credits is up to $700. Credits are applied as a monthly credit over the 30-month installment plan.
Savings may not be combinable with other credits, discounts and offers. Offer cannot be combined with other offers. Maximum savings listed may not be available for all phones and/or from all carriers. Minimum trade-in value of $35 is required for the minimum offer. Trade-in phone must be unlocked, deactivated, and all personal data deleted before trade-in, and in good working order; phone powers on and there are no broken, missing or cracked pieces. Phone will not be returned. Apple iPhones must have the activation lock disabled. Google accounts on Android phones must be removed. Current customers must own trade-in phone. Not compatible with other trade-in offers. Trade-in value may vary by trade-in phone or activation. Trade-in phone must be shipped back within 30 days of activation via the shipping materials mailed to the customer. If the trade-in phone isn’t received, is a different phone than what was expected or does not meet qualifications, the monthly
credits may be reduced or not applied. Carriers, devices and coverage (including 5G) not available in all markets. Requires credit approval, wireless service plan, qualifying phone and an installment billing agreement for the carrier’s required term. $0 down for well-qualified customers. For all others, down payment and other restrictions may apply. Monthly phone payments for term (20–36 months subject to carrier) at retail price. 0% APR. Sales tax (on total price) may be due at purchase. If you cancel wireless service, remaining balance on phone becomes due. If you activate a new voice line then disconnect an existing voice line on the account within 45 days of activation, you will no longer be eligible for the promotion and credits will cease/not be applied. Restocking fee and other charges may apply. Early Upgrade/AT&amp;T Installment with Next Up upgrades do not qualify. Customers must pay off their phone in full to trade in. Number of financed devices per
account limitations may apply. Subject to carrier terms and conditions. Terms subject to change. Excludes prepaid and unlocked phones.
 Verizon and Sprint trade-in: Valid only on in-store trade-in of a smartphone in good working condition. Must purchase, trade in an eligible device and activate an Apple iPhone 12 mini or iPhone 12 Pro Max. At time of purchase customer’s trade-in device will be evaluated, and savings will be applied to purchase transaction. Upon date of fulfillment, customer must trade in same device in same condition. If trade-in device or condition changes, value of trade-in savings will no longer be valid and device purchase is subject to cancellation. Fulfillment subject to device availability. Offer is not valid if not redeemed during promotional period. Taxes/surcharges due at time of purchase. Taxes applied to price of phone prior to the trade-in credit. Not all phones are eligible for trade-in and trade-in value may vary. Customer must own trade-in device. Remaining Sprint Flex Lease payments will be due immediately at the time of trade-in. Condition, documentation and
accessories may affect value. Excludes phones that are cracked or that lack power. Not available in all locations, and some stores may have additional limitations. You are responsible for removing any data from your product before providing the product for evaluation. You will be required to agree to the terms &amp; conditions. Best Buy reserves the right to refuse any trade-in or to limit quantities for any reason. Not compatible with other trade-in offers. No rainchecks. See a Blue Shirt or BestBuy.com/TradeIn for details. Savings are deducted off the full total price of the device and are reflected in either instant savings or in vendor bill credits, both of which will result in reduced monthly payments for the term of the agreement on your carrier account. Bill credits will be applied within 1–2 billing cycles and will end when the balance is paid, or the line is terminated or transferred. Savings may not be combinable with other credits, discounts and offers.
Maximum savings listed may not be available for all phones and/or from all carriers. Carriers, devices and coverage (including 5G) not available in all markets. Requires credit approval, wireless service plan, qualifying device and an installment billing agreement for the carrier’s required term. $0 down for well-qualified customers. For all others, down payment and other restrictions may apply. Monthly device payments for term (20–36 months subject to carrier) at retail price. 0% APR. Sales tax (on total price) may be due at purchase. If you cancel wireless service, remaining balance on device becomes due. Restocking fee and other charges may apply. Number of financed devices per account limitations may apply. Subject to carrier terms and conditions. Terms subject to change. Excludes prepaid and unlocked phones. Sprint requires down payment for well-qualified customers on select phones and eligible upgrade. Offer not valid on Sprint Flex Lease.
 TOTAL TECH SUPPORT OFFER:
*Some product exclusions apply. $50 savings only applies to the first year of Total Tech Support membership. Membership will auto-renew yearly at $199.99 unless cancelled by calling 1-888-BEST BUY or managing subscriptions on your BestBuy.com profile. Total Tech Support terms and conditions apply, available at BestBuy.com/PlanTerms. A My Best Buy® account is required, subject to the My Best Buy Program Terms. Fees for any necessary parts, accessories or permits will be charged in addition to the $49.99 for each standard in-home service. A trip charge may apply for travel outside of metro areas.
 CELL PHONE ACCESSORIES FREE SHIPPING OFFER:
*Items that qualify will include a Free Shipping message on the product pages. Exclusions apply. May not be valid in combination with other offers. See a Blue Shirt for details.
 APPLIANCE OFFER FOR TOTAL TECH SUPPORT MEMBERS:*Total Tech Support membership is subject to complete Terms and Conditions at https://storage.BestBuy.com/geeksquad/terms/total_tech/total_tech_current_english.pdf. A My Best Buy® account is required, subject to the My Best Buy Program Terms at https://www.BestBuy.com/site/clp/my-best-buy-program-rules/pcmcat311100050001.c?id=pcmcat311100050001. This membership (with internet security software included) renews automatically each year and the customer’s chosen card will be charged $199.99 plus tax, or the then-current price, on the customer’s yearly renewal date unless the customer cancels before then by calling 1-888-BEST BUY (1-888-237-8289). Best Buy will send the customer advance notice of membership renewal to the email address the customer provided, including notice of any price changes.
 HOWEVER YOU CHOOSE TO SHOP:
*Check local store for what services are available.
 10% BACK IN REWARDS DETAILS:
*Get 2.5 points per $1 spent (5% back in rewards) on qualifying Best Buy® purchases when you choose Standard Credit with your Best Buy Credit Card. If you apply and are approved for a new My Best Buy® Credit Card, your first day of purchases on the Credit Card using Standard Credit within the first 14 days of account opening will get an additional 2.5 bonus points (an additional 5% back in rewards, for a total of 10%). Points are not awarded on promotional credit purchases. May not be combined with other My Best Buy offers. Does not include tax. Additional limitations may apply. Subject to My Best Buy Program Terms. Subject to change without notice.
 BEST BUY OFFER TERMS:
Savings offers are based on markdowns from a regular price or a Was price and, unless otherwise noted, exclude special order, clearance, open-box, refurbished, and pre-owned items. Prices are subject to change and represent BestBuy.com® pricing; in-store pricing and availability may vary. Products included in bundle/package/free-with-purchase offers must be purchased in the same transaction to receive the benefit. Offers may include instant savings on individual items. For buy one, get one offers, discounted or free item(s) must be of equal or lesser value. Best Buy® gift cards have no expiration date or fees, and are good toward future purchase.
 This email is a Best Buy advertisement. If you no longer wish to receive our marketing emails, unsubscribe here. If you have difficulty with the unsubscribe link, you may also send an email to PrivacyManager@bestbuy.com. For more information, read our Privacy Policy
or call 1-888-BEST BUY.
