 Your privacy is important to Best Buy. For more information on how Best Buy protects your privacy, steps you can take to protect your personal information and alerts on privacy risks facing consumers, please visit the Best Buy Privacy Hub.
 TOTAL TECH SUPPORT OFFER:
*Some product exclusions apply. $50 savings only applies to the first year of Total Tech Support membership. Membership will auto-renew yearly at $199.99 unless cancelled by calling 1-888-BEST BUY or managing subscriptions on your BestBuy.com profile. Total Tech Support terms and conditions apply, available at BestBuy.com/PlanTerms. A My Best Buy® account is required, subject to the My Best Buy Program Terms. Fees for any necessary parts, accessories or permits will be charged in addition to the $49.99 for each standard in-home service. A trip charge may apply for travel outside of metro areas.
 LG SOUND BAR OFFER:*Minimum savings is $170.
 CYBERPUNK 2077 PRE-ORDER OFFER:
*In-store pre-order: $5 deposit required for physical games; payment in full required for full game digital downloads. Online pre-order: Payment in full required for physical games and full game digital downloads. Limit one award per member per title. See BestBuy.com/Get10 for details.​ Release date subject to change.
 HOWEVER YOU CHOOSE TO SHOP:
*Check local store for what services are available.
 BEST BUY OFFER TERMS:
Savings offers are based on markdowns from a regular price or a Was price and, unless otherwise noted, exclude special order, clearance, open-box, refurbished, and pre-owned items. Prices are subject to change and represent BestBuy.com® pricing; in-store pricing and availability may vary. Products included in bundle/package/free-with-purchase offers must be purchased in the same transaction to receive the benefit. Offers may include instant savings on individual items. For buy one, get one offers, discounted or free item(s) must be of equal or lesser value. Best Buy® gift cards have no expiration date or fees, and are good toward future purchase.
 This email is a Best Buy advertisement. If you no longer wish to receive our marketing emails, unsubscribe here. If you have difficulty with the unsubscribe link, you may also send an email to PrivacyManager@bestbuy.com. For more information, read our Privacy Policy
or call 1-888-BEST BUY.
