 Your privacy is important to Best Buy. For more information on how Best Buy protects your privacy, steps you can take to protect your personal information and alerts on privacy risks facing consumers, please visit the Best Buy Privacy Hub.
 BLACK FRIDAY DEALS:*Limited quantities. No rainchecks. Prices valid during, but may begin before and end after, the event dates. Products offered subject to change. See Black Friday FAQs
 BLACK FRIDAY AD DEALS AVAILABLE NOW:*Prices valid during, but may begin before and end after, the sale dates. Products offered subject to change. Limited quantities. No rainchecks. See Black Friday FAQs
 TOTAL TECH SUPPORT OFFER:
*Some product exclusions apply. $50 savings only applies to the first year of Total Tech Support membership. Membership will auto-renew yearly at $199.99 unless cancelled by calling 1-888-BEST BUY or managing subscriptions on your BestBuy.com profile. Total Tech Support terms and conditions apply, available at BestBuy.com/PlanTerms. A My Best Buy® account is required, subject to the My Best Buy Program Terms. Fees for any necessary parts, accessories or permits will be charged in addition to the $49.99 for each standard in-home service. A trip charge may apply for travel outside of metro areas.
 MY BEST BUY POINTS ON ELIGIBLE PURCHASES:*Apple and Beats products and Apple services are eligible to receive points under My Best Buy only when purchased on standard credit with the My Best Buy Credit Card. Otherwise My Best Buy members will not be eligible to receive points for purchase of Apple and Beats products and Apple services. My Best Buy members are eligible to receive member pricing for the purchase of certain Apple and Beats products and Apple services identified by Best Buy at Best Buy retail stores, on BestBuy.com, and the Best Buy mobile app. Some limitations apply.
 HOWEVER YOU CHOOSE TO SHOP:
*Check local store for what services are available.
 10% BACK IN REWARDS DETAILS:
*Get 2.5 points per $1 spent (5% back in rewards) on qualifying Best Buy® purchases when you choose Standard Credit with your Best Buy Credit Card. If you apply and are approved for a new My Best Buy® Credit Card, your first day of purchases on the Credit Card using Standard Credit within the first 14 days of account opening will get an additional 2.5 bonus points (an additional 5% back in rewards, for a total of 10%). Points are not awarded on promotional credit purchases. May not be combined with other My Best Buy offers. Does not include tax. Additional limitations may apply. Subject to My Best Buy Program Terms. Subject to change without notice.
 BEST BUY OFFER TERMS:
Savings offers are based on markdowns from a regular price or a Was price and, unless otherwise noted, exclude special order, clearance, open-box, refurbished, and pre-owned items. Prices are subject to change and represent BestBuy.com® pricing; in-store pricing and availability may vary. Products included in bundle/package/free-with-purchase offers must be purchased in the same transaction to receive the benefit. Offers may include instant savings on individual items. For buy one, get one offers, discounted or free item(s) must be of equal or lesser value. Best Buy® gift cards have no expiration date or fees, and are good toward future purchase.
 This email is a Best Buy advertisement. If you no longer wish to receive our marketing emails, unsubscribe here. If you have difficulty with the unsubscribe link, you may also send an email to PrivacyManager@bestbuy.com. For more information, read our Privacy Policy
or call 1-888-BEST BUY.
