 Dear Monarch Community: 

  

I am happy to announce Dr. Don Stansberry has been named vice president for student engagement and enrollment services, following a national search. Dr. Stansberry will begin his appointment on Jan. 10.  

  

Old Dominion is fortunate to have a student-centered leader like Dr. Stansberry—a practitioner, scholar and administrator who has been instrumental in developing and implementing programs at ODU that support and challenge students to achieve personal and academic success. His wealth of experience has also been a tremendous asset to the University, contributing to the highest retention and graduation rates in its history. Over his more than 20 years of leadership and service at ODU, he has contributed to our commitment to inclusive excellence by engaging partners in diversifying our student body and creating student success initiatives such as the Safe Space and ODU Cares and supporting Brother2Brother. 

  

Dr. Stansberry, who has held the position on an interim basis since July 2019, received high praise as someone who was exceptionally qualified and had the staff’s confidence to continue our positive trajectory in enrollment, retention, graduation and overall student life and welfare.  

  

I witnessed his exceptionalism first-hand when he served on the Executive Policy Committee to guide University decisions and protocols in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. This work required a renewed focus on innovation and building strong partnerships across campus to help our students succeed both inside and outside the classroom.  

  

When national trends predicted steep declines in college enrollment due to the pandemic, Dr. Stansberry mobilized more than 350 staff members across campus to call new and returning students and led divisional efforts to increase enrollment. Under his leadership, the University experienced enrollment growth in summer and fall. 

  

Before joining Old Dominion in 2000, Dr. Stansberry served in student affairs leadership roles at Towson University, Western Illinois University and Defiance College. Nationally, he holds leadership positions in the National Association of Student Personnel Administrators (NASPA) and other professional organizations and provides consulting as an external reviewer of student affairs divisions for national universities. Some of the most recent national recognitions his outstanding work has earned include the NASPA Region III AVP/Senior Level Student Affairs Professional Award; the NASPA Region III Inclusion Award for Student Affairs Educators in Higher Education; and the Association of Public & Land-grant Universities (APLU) Dynamic Senior Student Affairs Officer Newcomer Award. 

  

Dr. Stansberry earned a Ph.D. in higher education administration and an Ed.S. in educational leadership from Old Dominion University and a master’s degree in college student personnel administration and a bachelor’s in organizational communication from Ohio University.   

  

I would like to thank September Sanderlin, vice president for human resources, who led a nationwide search conducted by a 10-member committee, and the other search committee members for their work on this important recruitment: 

  

Austin Agho, provost and vice president for academic affairs, Academic Affairs 

Todd Johnson, assistant vice president for auxiliary services, Administration and Finance 

Dani Carter, SGA president 

Jane Dané, associate vice president for enrollment management, SEES 

Johnny Young, associate vice president for student engagement and enrollment services, SEES 

Chris Glass, associate professor for educational foundations and leadership, Darden College of Education & Professional Studies 

Denisse Thillet, director for student outreach and support, SEES 

Andy Casiello, associate vice president for distance learning, Academic Affairs 

Bridget Groble, student representative to the Board of Visitors, Board of Visitors 

  

Please join me in congratulating Vice President for Student Engagement and Enrollment Services Don Stansberry on his new role at Old Dominion University. 

  

Sincerely, 

  

John R. Broderick 

President 